Our guys welcome in this lecture.
We are going to pass our products to our product detail screen.
Now to do this, we are going to use this which you've seen before.
And over here we are going to create a final variable and we can see it's going to be a type of dynamic.
So it allows any type of value and we are going to call this variable product.
Least.
And how do you semi-colon.
And the next step is to pass it on to the constructor.
To do that, you have to alight in use control and then create constructor for final fields.
And you can see why it's automatically passed and required.
And whenever we call this product detail screen, we have to pass the value to this variable called
product list.
And over here, you can see we are calling the product details screen.
Where?
Okay.
Yeah.
So now we have to pass the value to this variable called product.
Her dad's list.
Right.
Okay.
Product list and the value is going to be these products.
OC products and this is basically it.
And currently we have successfully passed our.
Products data from this screen to the product detail screen.
So now we can use that data back to the product data screen.
And as you know, currently this variable called product list has access to a lot of values, such as
the the price of the product, the description of the products, the image of the products, the title
of the product and so on.
Right.
So what we have to do is to have access to the image of the product.
Okay.
So in order to make this cleaner, we can.
Creates another variable within the build over.
Yeah.
We can just go ahead and specify the type of variable.
It's going to be a list of images.
Right.
And we can also make this.
Finer and least and we are expecting strings as the images, right.
So what we can just do instead of saying strings, we can just say dynamic to say it can be string or
any type of variable and we can then call this variable images, right?
Because a single product can have up to three images.
Right?
And now we're going to say it's equal to this variable called products.
Product list.
And use this.
And we basically just want to assess the product image.
The semicolon.
And we have to get rid of this now.
Okay.
It's ends over here and we have to call the images.
Images and we want to assess this image by they are indents.
And this is of having the static value of it.
We can then get rid of it and call the images and.
Okay.
Images.
That.
The lengths oc OC is concerned to save.
And.
Okay.
And we just have to go back and maybe click on this.
We just have to restart.
You can see it's trying to fetch from the network, right?
So we have to restart this.
Okay.
It's going to take some time to.
Well, let's restart.
You just have to try us out.
Och.
Och, it's done.
And we can then try and for the email we have to say a famous.
Store or you can just log into the customer account and this is going to be E, g, c and now log in.
Okay.
Mr..
I think we are missing the E and click on log in.
Okay.
Currently we have this product and click on this.
You can see now.
Okay.
Okay, Cisco.
It's going to take some time.
Okay.
And instead of dots, we can then use the fraction.
Fraction and these constraints save.
And you can see one over here.
Look, you can see this is the second image and this is the first and okay we have just to images for
this product and we can check for.
This one.
Okay.
We have to images as well.
And.
What about the women?
Okay.
And this.
And we have.
Two images, I think just two images.
There should be.
Okay.
I think we have to.
Just one image over for that product and.
We have up to three images for this product as taking some time to load because you can see we are fetching
from the network.
Okay.
Cisco.
Right.
Okay.
Electronics.
For iPhone or plasma I think we have just to Siri images.
Okay.
Cool.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.